# Supplementary Specification (FURPS+)

## Functionality

_Specifies functionalities that:  
&nbsp; &nbsp; (i) are common across several US/UC;  
&nbsp; &nbsp; (ii) are not related to US/UC, namely: Audit, Reporting and Security._

### Sprint A

[Organization] owns various parks.
[Admin] Manage the organization.
[Admin] Assigns Job to the organization.
[Employee] Have a job, various skills and eventually will be assigned to a team to perform tasks.
[Admin] Aproove the team generated by the system to perfrom a task.
[Team] Uses vehicle, tools and machines.
[Tasks] Are scheduled on a agenda and are performed on the parks.





## Usability

_Evaluates the user interface. It has several subcategories,
among them: error prevention; interface aesthetics and design; help and
documentation; consistency and standards._

**Error Prevention By the User**

* The system must validate the user credentials introduced by the user to ensure that the password and login are valid.

**Interface aesthetics and design**

* The system provide two options, one for login and the other for sign up. 
* If the user is already registed, when he login if he is a admin, the system will provide one sub-menu that contais various options in accordance with the responsability of the Admin (where he can choose, for example, to create a task). 
* If the user is not a Admin, will appear another sub-menu

## Reliability

_Refers to the integrity, compliance and interoperability of the software. The requirements to be considered are: frequency and severity of failure, possibility of recovery, possibility of prediction, accuracy, average time between failures._

* As the project is a small one, we don´t really predict any failure.

## Performance

_Evaluates the performance requirements of the software, namely: response time, start-up time, recovery time, memory consumption, CPU usage, load capacity and application availability._

[N/A]

## Supportability

_The supportability requirements gathers several characteristics, such as:
testability, adaptability, maintainability, compatibility,
configurability, installability, scalability and more._

(fill in here )

[N/A]

### Design Constraints

_Specifies or constraints the system design process. Examples may include: programming languages, software process, mandatory standards/patterns, use of development tools, class library, etc._

[N/A]

### Implementation Constraints

_Specifies or constraints the code or construction of a system such
such as: mandatory standards/patterns, implementation languages,
database integrity, resource limits, operating system._

[N/A]

### Interface Constraints

_Specifies or constraints the features inherent to the interaction of the
system being developed with other external systems._

[N/A]

### Physical Constraints

_Specifies a limitation or physical requirement regarding the hardware used to house the system, as for example: material, shape, size or weight._

[N/A]